Title: Battles (part 1/4)
Chapter Title: Battles
Source Title: Battles (part 1/4)
URL: https://old.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2vpp5v/ocjverse_17_battles_part_14/
Order: 131
Type: main
Series: deathworlders
Part: part-1-of-4
Author: Hambone3110
Date: 2015-02-13T00:46:34+00:00
================================================================================

A
JVerse
story.
Chapter 17, Part 1/4 of the
Kevin Jenkins
series.
Chapter 17, part 2
HERE
Chapter 17, part 3
HERE
Chapter 17, part 4
HERE
Date Point: 4y 8m AV
Classified Facility, Planet Earth, Sol
Hugh Johnson
"No. No, nothing like that. It’s… hard to say. It wasn’t like a dream, or like being trapped it was… it wasn’t
like
anything. I was just… dead for a while. And somebody else was using my body. And when he was done with it, he brought me back. But not the same. And there was still a part of me alive, kinda..."
Hugh trailed off, then shrugged helplessly. It was a very strange feeling to be treated as if he was a stranger by somebody he knew so well, but of course Carl had spent months getting to know his passenger, rather than Hugh himself.
"You aren’t making much sense." Carl told him.
"I know, I know. Umm… I think…" Hugh paused to think. That alone was a luxury he hadn’t enjoyed for so very long, but he’d never been a man of many or eloquent words. He just didn’t know
how
to go about describing experience without involvement, existence without awareness. The words to hint at what had been his life for the last several years just weren’t in his vocabulary.
He hit on an idea. "The drone needs to act like a person." he explained. “But
meat
doesn’t know how to. That part’s all up to, like,
you.
The bit of you that’s yourself, y’know? But that bit can’t be in charge because if it was, y’know, I’d have run into a hospital and begged them,
‘get these damn things out of my head!’
”
"That makes sense."
"Okay, so they hit this sweet spot where
you
- me -
I
wasn’t in charge, but there was just enough of me sticking around for the body to pretend to be a real person. You follow?"
"They retained your instincts and knowledge of correct social behaviour while suppressing your capacity for agency and rational thought." Carl said.
"Hey, if you say so. I was never too good with words."
"You were vagrant before they… did this to you?"
"I was a bum, yeah." Hugh replied. “Dropped outta school, hit the bottle, never looked up. All I cared about was the next forty, y’know?”
"I follow you. What did you do for cash?"
"You name it. Y’know, sometimes I’d head out east, be a farm hand, ranching, sometimes I’d do favours for people - like, “my friend’s moving house, can you help move her couch?" that kinda shit, right? Sometimes I’d be a lookout if somebody was robbing someplace, or I’d scrounge up some food, boil up a stew and sell it on cold days up north. All sortsa things. Did a few years for petty theft - shoplifting, y’know? Probably woulda gone back in if the aliens hadn’t got me first.”
"How did that happen?"
"I was down on the border, helping this guy I’d met through a friend. He was helping the Mexicans, you know? They’d pay him, he’d get them up here, they’d get in this van I was driving and I’d get them up to LA. I figured it was a win-win, y’know? If we managed it, I got my cut of what they’d paid him, if not then I’d be back inside."
"You wanted to go back to prison?"
"Hell yeah! Two hots and a cot, y’know? Anyway, I was bouncing my ass off all over the desert in the middle of the night driving this piece of shit Transit when the engine cut out on me. Now I mean, I know engines, done some work fixing cars to get by in my time, and I never had an engine just stop on me like that. It just went
pop
and it was like I’d taken the key out. So, I stopped, got out, had a look, I’m still staring at what looks like a pristine-ass engine when somebody turned on the lights. I looked up and… well, that’s all she wrote for me. Next time I was myself again would be today."
"Can you remember what you - what the biodrone did? What Six did?"
"Shit, Six was fine. He just wanted to get out and explore, you know? Find out what a burger tasted like, that kind of thing. But that other one, man. He ordered the drone to go kill that poor Boone lady, and I still remember that, clear as day. Like he was ordering it to take out the goddamn trash."
"How did the biodrone escape the scene? The only footage we have shows you - shows
it
standing there in one frame and gone the next."
"What, you’ve not figured that part out yet?"
"We have our suspicions."
"Like what?"
Carl cocked his head slightly, then said, carefully. "Personally, I think they have a spaceship on Earth."
Hugh nodded. "You’re goddamn right they do."
Date Point: 4y 8m 1w 2d AV
Council Station, orbiting Planet Capitol.
The assassin worked alone, always. Obviously, doing so increased some of the risks of his vocation, but it also reduced some others. The trade had, for a career of some twelve Human years, worked out in his favour, albeit with some near misses.
His existence was known, among certain circles. His nature was not - a large part of his success came from the fact that a prejudiced galaxy looked at his species and saw only tiny, physically frail opportunistic cowards with big brains. Whenever the identity of the assassin was speculated upon, the usual assumptions were that he must be Chehnasho, or maybe Locayl, or even Celzi.
Not Corti. Never Corti. Corti were overlooked, or rather looked at in the wrong way. But a tiny, frail body was no limitation at all when you had access to Directorate technology.
And so, one moment he was a medical technician. In the instant that nobody and nothing looked at him, a simple change of which tool he was holding and fiddling with turned him into an engineer, then a bureaucrat, or maybe a diplomatic aide. Never anybody important - just another little grey body padding about the station corridors, engrossed in some task that was obviously much more important than whatever or whoever was around him.
It was critical that, on this job in particular, he should go undetected. He had never been commissioned to silence a member of the Dominion Security Council before. There would undoubtedly be repercussions, which he was keen to avoid.
The caution cost him time, as he made entirely sure that the timing was perfect, and that there was no possibility of anything going wrong. But time was a plentiful luxury. Finally, satisfied that his preparations were as comprehensive as was feasible, he put his plan into motion.
It was not a difficult plan. While the elevator control systems on Council Station were as hack-proof as the very best minds in the Directorate could conceive, they still had a few loopholes. Nothing that might deliver him outside of his clearance level, but enough.
The one he used was a simple maintenance cycle, an unscheduled degauss of the elevator’s propulsion coils. That little trick earned him twelve seconds. Twelve seconds in which, guided by an array of forcefields dazzling in their subtlety, complexity and finesse, the emergency exit hatch was unsealed, lifted out, he was lifted through, the hatch replaced and its seals re-engaged. He barely glanced at them.
The spinal elevator shaft of the great station - the largest ever built - was its own hazard course, absolutely not intended for hospitality. The elevators were not bound to individual tracks, but switched constantly from one path to another, flashing past their peers with millimeter clearances, guided by a central routing system that handled thousands of such narrow-margin trajectories per day, and had done so for years with a callous disregard for the presence of anything within the transit shaft that did not belong there.
Technology again came to his rescue. The constant weave and dance, and sometimes retreat, that kept the hurtling cars from reducing him to a fine organic cloud of red vapour, impeded his progress, but it did deliver him safely to his destination, high on the outermost apex of one of the VIP habitation clusters.
After that obstacle course, the door was child’s play.
The Councilor’s personal suite was stunning. It was a garden of a dozen worlds, each a pleasing biome in a forcefield bottle, arranged both for aesthetic delight, and ecological accuracy. Even the Assassin was awed, granting himself a moment’s pause to examine the delights on offer as he stalked through the suite, quietly impressed by the subtle way in which the apartment suite’s necessities, luxuries and furniture were all hidden amongst the assorted alien foliage.
"Hello."
The Assassin spun. Twin plasma bolts, weapons that he could never have fired if not for his exoskeleton harness and its powerful tuned shields, would have reduced the target to a steaming mess, had he actually been present. Instead, they shattered the blue haze around a display and immolated something like a tree, which made a distressed hooting sound as it deflated amid the flames.
On their way, they had passed through a hologram of the target.
"I apologise for my absence, but I would prefer not to be murdered today." the  apparition continued. “Nor on any other day, for that matter. I do apologise for killing you this way. I don’t suppose it shall be very pleasant.” earnest contrition described a glowing puce stripe down his flank.
The Assassin looked wildly around, immediately on his guard. Was that the whine of hunter-killer drones? No, just the tree, keening its last. His chest felt tight, despite the absence of any apparent violence. No turrets unfolded from the floors, no armed Annebenellin shock troopers stormed him.
He coughed. Or tried to. The result was much more like a violent wheeze. Breathing really had become very difficult. He coughed again, and this time blood spurted from his nostrils, joining the thin trickle that had begun to stain the corners of his eyes.
"I wish I could send you alive back to your employers with a warning to leave me alone, but your reputation precedes you, you see." the holographic ghost of Councillor Vedreg continued. “You are very well known for your tenacity, and for seeing the job through. All of which left me feeling rather like I had no other choice.”
"H…. -ow…?" The assassin croaked, desperately querying the pseudosentient medical pack he carried for anything that resembled a solution. He didn’t expect an answer from the hologram of his target, but he received one nonetheless. whether Vedreg had thought to include it, or programmed a simple response in was unclear.
"The hardest and most dangerous part was in configuring the containment field to collapse in the same circumstances that triggered this recording, you see. One slip, and I would have finished as you are now."
The assassin’s black-edged vision settled on the one particular plant, right in the middle of the suite, that no longer had a field around it. Somehow, he knew exactly which planet this specimen had come from.
"It’s called a Mountain Cedar if you’re interested. It is quite possibly the deadliest plant in the galaxy. Humans, apparently, like the smell. But even they can suffer some quite severe allergic reactions to its pollen. I imagine it is a terrible way to go but, well. I had nothing else to hand. I am sorry."
The assassin was far beyond the capacity to answer.
An hour later, in response to Vedreg’s programming, the suite resurrected the containment field around the Terran plants and initiated a maximum-threat biohazard cleanup protocol. Only after the gardens were absolutely guaranteed to be clean of every last pollen grain was station security finally alerted.
Date Point: 4y 8m 1w 4d AV
Freelance vessel
"Sanctuary"
Julian Etsicitty
♫♪I was caught, in the middle of a railroad track! (THUNDER!)♫♪
There was a lot of welding to do. Julian had taken a couple of weeks learning the skill down on Earth, grateful to be home, enjoying the place. He wasn’t sure what Kirk had been up to - personable as he was, the
Sanctuary’
s owner and master kept his secrets and well, and was probably playing a game that he, Julian, didn’t know the rules to.
But he’d been there, ready to pick them up when San Diego had died.
♫♪
I looked around, and I knew there was no turning back! (THUNDER!)♪♫
Sanctuary
had changed too. A lot of Kirk’s old passengers were back on board, people who had returned to Earth, learned how to be human again and then… well. Felt the call. Fitter, better-fed and harder one and all, and more driven.
They’d taken on guns and ammo, filled the jump array with floor mats for physical training and martial arts when it wasn’t in use. Some uniforms had come aboard, taken a look around, and left only after leaving an extensive list of recommended modifications.
Hence the welding. By the time they were done, the ship would be less elegant, but much sturdier.
♪
My mind raced, and I thought: what could I do? (THUNDER!) and I knew there was no help, no help from you! (THUNDER!)♫
Between the deafening music and his welding mask, he neither saw nor heard the workshop door open, and he was so focused on getting the weld right that he didn’t feel the gravity automatically adjust itself to galactic standard. He damn near jumped out of his skin when he was tapped on the shoulder.
♫
Sound of the drums! beating in my heart!♪
Kirk waved expressively at him with his two smaller arms, clamping the larger ones over his ears and shouting, though unable to summon the volume to compete with Angus Young.
Julian tried to order the room to turn the music off, but apparently it couldn’t hear him either. He fished in his pocket for the remote control he’d built.
♪♫
The thunder of guns! (SLAM!) tore me apart! you’ve been...♪♫
"What’s up?" He asked, as Kirk relaxed in the silence.
"That can’t be good for your hearing."
"It’s a classic!"
Kirk issued a strange sort of whickering sound - the Rrrrtktktkp’ch version of a derisive snort. "Julian, ‘classic’ would be Vivaldi, or Sibelius."
"That’s classic
al
. What’s up, anyway?"
"I was just asking you to turn it down. I could hear it all the way from the flight deck."
"Ah…" Julian grimaced. He was still adjusting to having other people around him after years of isolation, and loud music was a luxury he’d gone without for too long. “Sorry.”
"Yeah, but I was enjoying it…"
The new voice belonged to Allison. While an entertainment binge on Earth (and getting laid several times) had largely cured Julian of his awkwardness around women, it threatened to come surging back whenever she entered the room. "...It’s good workout music." she explained, as Kirk turned his ungainly, lanky frame to face her.
Julian Etsicitty, wilderness master and six-year survivor of the deadliest planet in the known galaxy, awkwardly cleared his throat and turned his attention back to the bulkhead reinforcement he had been welding, because the alternative was to be distracted by the enticing way Allison’s sweat was making her sports shirt adhere to her skin and soaking her blonde ponytail.
Focusing on that turned out to be even harder when she poked her head over his shoulder, radiating heat and a clean, physical scent. "Good weld."
"Thanks." he commented, for lack of something better to say. “I… Didn’t know you knew welding.”
"I don’t." she murmured, straight in his ear, and then headed back through to the gym, glancing back to make sure he was admiring the yoga-pants-enhanced view.
"Jeez." Julian muttered, wiping his forehead, then followed it with “Oh shut up.”
This was in response to Kirk making an amused noise.
"What?" the alien asked, innocently. He leaned in close to inspect the weld himself.
"Go ahead and say it."
Kirk shook his mane. "No thanks, I’ve watched too much TV to fall into that cliched old trope. ‘Alien comments on human romance and sexuality’?  Not I."
He bared his teeth in a poor imitation of a smile. "I’m still allowed to find it funny though."
Julian picked up the welder, and after both he and Kirk had protected their eyes, resumed his work. "I’m not going for it."
"Oh?"
"She’ll say no. I know why she’s doing this, she likes to be looked at, she likes the power of lust. The second she puts out, we’re not playing that game no more. And she knows I’m the easiest mark on this ship."
"I see."
"Sure you do."
"I do. You’re no idiot, Julian. You’re one of the toughest and most resourceful people I know. If I were in your position, I’d resent being manipulated like that."
"...Yeah." Julian didn’t admit to just how accurate Kirk’s candid appraisal really was. “Makes me feel like a dumbass, though. Bombfruit? No problem. Mangrabber plants? Fought them back for three days straight with a machete and fire. Hellbirds? Ate them for lunch. I even killed a Minizilla once. Cool, calm and sensible the whole time. Show me a nice ass though and suddenly I’m a school kid again.”
"It is an exceptional ass, though." Kirk said, finally drawing a laugh from him.
"How would you know?" he chuckled. “She’s got a third as many legs as you’re attracted to.”
"Oh, I can still be an… academic expert on the subject." Kirk said. “Speaking as an anthropologist.”
Julian grunted, and raised his mask to examine his handiwork. "Hey, four more of those and we’ll be able to put the pressure door in."
"I still don’t see why you all insisted on them." Kirk grumbled. “What’s the point in having internal pressure control forcefields if we rely on thick steel eyesores instead?”
"What’s the failure point on that giant power core you’ve got back there? And what happens when the power goes? What happens if we get EMP’d? I’m less interested in keeping the ship pretty than keeping air in my lungs."
Kirk waved an irritable forelimb. "Yes, yes, we’ve gone over all those arguments." he groused. “I swear, your species is paranoid.”
Julian just raised an eyebrow at him "Deathworlders."
"...Right. Yes."
"Where are we going, anyway?"
"Izbrk."
"Again?" Julian put his welding torch down. “I thought they were pretty clear about not wanting to see any more humans ever again after the… well, the bank robberies, the murders and the Exoss massacre.”
"Not Irbzrk. Izbrk." Kirk said, as if that clarified things. “It’s a city on Ikbrzk.”
Julian pinched the bridge of his nose "Kirk…" he began to complain.
Kirk snorted, a proper nostril-flapping equine snort. "As I recall, your home nation contains New York state, which is not to be confused with New York city, or Newark." he pointed out.
Julian paused. "...yeah, okay. So this… Ikbrzk?"
"Well done."
"It’s a planet?"
"A barren one, yes. But the richest source of rare earth elements in Domain space."
"So what’s there besides mines?"
"Weaker sensors, a smaller garrison, lighter security… and a population of underpaid, hardworking civilians with an insatiable appetite for entertainment which their employers don’t provide."
Julian nodded his understanding. "So it’s a black market hub."
"Nearly as much so as Perfection." Kirk agreed. “And less well-known, which makes it an attractive route for smuggling the especially sensitive goods. But that’s not why we’re going there.”
"Do tell."
"An old and dear friend of mine asked me to meet him there…"
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Folctha, Planet Cimbrean, The Far Reaches
Ava Rios
"Alright, looks like that’s our time for today."
Lessons were a simple affair. It was very different to school as Ava knew the term - there being only a small handful of children and teenagers, there was no point segregating everybody by age, or even in holding formal classes. It was more like dedicated study time, with their teacher - Miss Olmstead - not giving a lesson but instead flitting from student to student, by turns helping with basic addition, biology, simple reading comprehension, physics, geometry, tying shoes and gently reminding the older ones to refocus on their work.
As much as it suited her, Ava still felt that same relief and freedom when the end of lessons for the day came around. As pleasant, personal and liberated as Folctha’s school might be, it was still school, and that meant not getting to enjoy the colony’s perfect spring weather.
Sara was bouncing by her desk before Ava and Adam had even finished packing up. Ava rolled her eyes, suppressing a smile. "Do I get to know what the surprise is
now
, Sara?" She asked.
Sara had been not so much hinting at a surprise as outright mentioning it at every opportunity for three days.
"Mum and Dad said I can drive the mule this weekend!" Sara exploded, bouncing on her toes. “Kieron, Jack, Lizzie and I were gonna go down to the lake and go swimming! It’s really cool down there, the water’s so clear, you can see the crashed spaceships on the bottom! You wanna come?”
It sounded amazing - Ava had been on the swim team in her high school, and she realised how much she missed it. "That sounds… great! If only I had a swimsuit."
This seemed to nonplus Sara. "What d’you need a swimsuit for?" she asked.
"What do I…? Sara, what else will I wear?"
"You don’t
need
to wear anything when you’re swimming. What’s the point? You’d just have to bring wet clothes home."
"So… you’re going to be swimming with Jack and Kieron and Lizzie?"
"Yeah."
"Naked."
"So?"
"Sara, that’s
weird.
"
She regretted saying it the second she did, but regretted it even more the second it registered in Sara’s brain. The younger girl looked like she’d been slapped.
"That’s NOT weird!" she snapped, eyes going red and watery. “
You’re
being weird making such a big deal of it!” She spun and effected a perfect flouncing exit.
"Sara…" Ava called after her, but to no avail. She turned to Adam. “That’s weird right? Swimming naked together is weird.”
"Well ...I, um..." Adam didn’t get any further than that before being interrupted by a giggle from Jessica Olmstead.
"That was what pretty much everyone else thought the first time." she said. “but it’s innocent. She really doesn’t see why people have a problem with it.”
"How can she not?" Ava asked.
Jessica giggled again. "I love Sara’s parents, but it’s a miracle that girl didn’t end up being called Nebula Moondance or something." she said. “She got off lucky just being called Sara Honeydew.”
Judging from her expectant smile, there was a joke there, which went straight over Ava’s head, and Adam’s too judging from his expression. Jessica laughed softly and shook her head at their blank faces.
"Let’s just say they’re… uninhibited." she said. “Yes, it makes the rest of us a bit uncomfortable sometimes, but we discussed it at the Thing, and the consensus was ‘So long as it’s harmless…’.”
"Skinny dipping always sounded like fun to me." Adam said.
"
Adam!
" Ava protested.
"What? I’m just saying, if it’s just good fun… maybe we shouldn’t be so..." he stopped himself. “I mean…”
"So… what, Adam?" Ava demanded. Unnoticed, Jessica grimaced to herself and slipped away. “Shouldn’t be so what?”
"...I was gonna say uptight. about it." He confessed.
That
hurt. And it made her mad, too. She poked him in the chest "You just wanna see the other girls naked." she accused, hitting on the first thing that came to mind to hurt him back.
He backed off a step, rubbing where she’d prodded him. "
What?!
Ava, they’re kids, don’t be weird!"
"
You’re
being weird!"
"I’m just saying it sounds like fun!"
She snarled a disgusted noise, spun and walked away from him. "Whatever. Go run to daddy for advice, like always."
He shouted after her:
"What the hell’s my dad got to do with anything?"
She paused at the door just long enough to yell "
At least you still have one!"
, and then slammed it behind her, storming off into the forest, away from anyone and everyone.
She paused once she was certain he wasn’t following, and leaned against a tree, arms folded over her tummy. The alien bark was smooth and crackled softly as she slid down, until she was sitting in a little ball among the roots, wrapped up in being equally angry at Adam, herself and the universe, and cried.
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Folctha, Cimbrean Colony
Captain Owen Powell
"I don’t fookin’ care if they ARE small! This is a military base, and that means the kids. stay. OUT of it. Or are you too fookin’ incompetent to do your job as a fookin’ sentry?"
The soldier he was chewing out knew better than to respond, and just stood and took it. He earned points for that at least. Powell cooled down slightly.
"Have you got an explanation for me, Corporal?"
"Sir. Three of them distracted me while the fourth snuck past behind me. I take full responsibility."
"Noted, and accepted. We’re short-handed since the recall. That’s a reason to be
extra
vigilant. Am I clear?"
"Yes Captain!"
"You’re fookin’ right I am. This is a serious incident which means it’s getting written up, but that’s all I can be arsed to do,
this
time. See to it there isn’t a next time. Dismissed."
The man saluted and left, clearly relieved. As he left, he was replaced by Lieutenant Ross.
Since the colony had been handed over formally to the British government, the Americans, Canadians, Aussies and other allied soldiers had all been recalled, replaced with a platoon from the British Army. They were good lads, but universally young and inexperienced, and there weren’t quite enough of them. Most of the special forces had also been recalled, leaving only Powell and his hand-picked squad, including Legsy and Ross.
"Found the ankle-biters yet?" He asked.
"Yes sir. They owned up - there’s only four kids in town in that age range anyway."
"I want a word with them, and their parents."
"The weekly Thing’s tomorrow, sir." Ross pointed out. “Raising it there might get the message across better.”
"...aye. Good shout. What’s the news?"
Ross handed over some packages. "Dispatches and your comfort package, Sitrep on the San Diego investigation, and a… strategic report on Nervejam weaponry."
"Lovely. Summarize that one for me." Powell said, accepting the rest of his mail. Ross nodded and flipped through the file, mumbling slightly to himself as he skimmed through to the summary.
"Hmmm…
exhaustive testing.... -thing conclusive… remain- ‘
At this point, the operating principles of this weapon system remain unknown and impossible to duplicate with Terran technology’…
mumble… absence of…  token resistance only…
uh, ‘given the above, development of effective protection has not been accomplished, with even total sensory isolation from the effect offering no more than a reduction in its effectiveness.’...
mumble, acute cerebral…… haemorrhage... wow. okay.
‘While the weapon’s effects are highly lethal at their maximum effect, probable long-term consequences of nervejam trauma includes an increased stochastic probability of long-term complications including: Schizophrenia, paranoid delusions, dissociative identity disorder, motor nerve palsy, epilepsy and stroke."
"Jesus fookin’ Christ." Powell muttered.
Ross cleared his throat. "‘At present, the only viable countermeasure to this weaponry in a tactical situation is destruction of the grenade if possible, and prioritizing the termination of any hostile unit which appears to be deploying them. Engage at long range only."
"Nothing we couldn’t figure out for ourselves then." Powell commented. “Fookin’ useful, that.”
"Yes, sir."
The captain sighed. "Alright, spread that tactical advice to the lads, along with the news about there being no protection from the bloody things.
Don’t
include the bit about the long-term complications."
"Anything else, sir?" Ross asked, indicating the dispatches.
"Nowt to act on. Today’s Tuesday?"
"Yes sir. Militia training today. Both those kids from San Diego signed up. Our new police chief’s boy and his missus."
"Good. Those two looked young and fit, and Arés says his lad knows his way round a pistol at least. And if the boy’s going into civilian policing, we’re going to want him to know how to fight."
"Think you might swing by later to inspect the training, sir?"
"Aye, think I just might. Watching Legsy in teacher mode is always good for a fookin’ laugh."
Date Point 4y 8m 2w AV
Ceres Base, Sol
Drew Cavendish
"And I’m telling you you’re bloody paranoid, mate!"
"Drew." Cavendish was a picture of zen calm, but he was slowly starting to lose his cool with his friend. “Have you SEEN the figures?”
"We always knew this was going to be a dangerous job, Cavvo."
"And I’m asking you mate, have you
seen
the figures. Did you actually look at them?"
Drew Martin nodded. "Of course I bloody did! I know I lair it up mate, but if my site leader hands me a report marked “Important" and fucking “safety incident statistics” then I fucking read it! Cover to cover! Twice!”
"Good, then you can read this one, too."
Drew handed it over. Technically, Ceres Base was a completely digital office, because ink and paper were expensive to bring up from Earth, whereas between the nuclear reactor and the solar collection fields, electrons were all but free.
He’d paid for the hard copy version of the report out of his own pocket, wanting to make a statement. Nothing got the point across quite like physically handing over a two-inch manilla folder.
"The fuck is this?" Drew M asked, dropping it on his desk and opening it.
"Every significant, serious and critical incident report for the whole of Ceres Base since the launch of Hephaestus One." Cavendish told him. “Everything from the dodgy landing of the IBM-S module and the relocation of the CHM, the suit HDF emitter problems, the airlock seals blowing, the collector array hiccups, that godawful mess in the refinery, right up to the power surge down in the canteen this morning.” as Martin opened the folder and started reading down the summary sheets at the front, he added. “I’ve also got personal testimonies, including one from Doctor Gunawardena saying that in his considered medical opinion, the only reason we’ve not had any deaths yet is divine intervention.”
"I put it down to good engineering." Drew M muttered as he read.
"You and me both, mate. If everything around here wasn’t triple redundant, backed up, safety-checked and reinforced to hell and gone…"
Drew M flipped the sheet over, and muttered "
Strewth…
" upon seeing six more pages of summaries waiting for him, in densely packed ten-point Times New Roman. “Shit, is there anything that HASN’T gone wrong up here?”
"The IBM Z-series mainframes." Cavendish said, promptly. “They’re the notable exception. If you don’t count their module landing wrong in the first place, the IBM labs and datacenter are the the only things that haven’t suffered failures at or near the maximum projections.”
"So, wait, all this is in range?"
"It’s worst-case-scenario stuff, but…" Cavendish sighed through his teeth and turned his head away. “Okay, admittedly, yes. It’s on the extremely pessimistic end of our projected range, but it’s still in range. Barely.”
"If it’s in range…"
"Don’t say it, Drew. I’m not paranoid, I’m telling you, I think we have a saboteur on board."
"If we do, he’s a drongo. Who sabotages the place while being careful not to peek outside of what we’ve prepared for? Cavvo mate, face it, you were just expecting things to go better."
"I was." Drew admitted. “Because it SHOULD be.”
Drew M fished in his pocket and aimed a green laser dot at one of the many documents tacked to his office wall. "It SHOULD be inside that range." he emphasized. “And it is.”
"Barely. And we should be improving as we put things into place. We should be seeing patterns that we can compensate for. Instead it’s… bloody everything! Anything can go wrong!"
"Bloody right mate. Murphy in action."
Cavendish sighed. "You’re going to say I’m paranoid again, aren’t you."
"Yeah, nah. I’m taking this seriously Cavvo, my right hand to God on that. We all are. But we can’t jump straight to sabotage."
"Well, I hope it’s not. Or if it is that I talk you round before somebody dies." He stuck out a hand. Drew M grabbed it, hoisted himself upright and slapped his spare arm around his shoulders in a brief, masculine hug.
"Come on mate, let's hit the Speakeasy." he said.
Continued in
Part 2