Title: Battles (part 3/4)
Chapter Title: Battles
Source Title: Battles (part 3/4)
URL: https://old.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2vpp9m/ocjverse_17_battles_part_34/
Order: 133
Type: main
Series: deathworlders
Part: part-3-of-4
Author: Hambone3110
Date: 2015-02-13T00:47:22+00:00
================================================================================

A
JVerse
story.
Chapter 17, Part 3/4 of the
Kevin Jenkins
series.
Chapter 17, part 1
HERE
Chapter 17, part 2
HERE
Chapter 17, part 4
HERE
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Ceres Base, Sol
Drew Cavendish
"You’ve reviewed the code already?"
Five of the IBM senior engineers were in the meeting, and they collectively shared the patient expression worn by all engineers when dealing with the layperson.
"Yes, we reviewed the code already."
"Completely?"
"Completely. It’s simple and efficient code. That was the whole point."
"Now that we’re all here…" Adele Park drew their attention to the arrival of the Drews. “Let’s get this thing started. How’s your guy, Cavendish?”
Drew sat down. "He’ll have some scars to show off, but he’s okay. Thanks." He meant it. Being asked that by the base’s executive officer was genuinely a balm for his damaged morale.
"I’m glad." She tapped something on her tablet computer. “Alright, meeting is called to order, in the chair is Adele Park, executive officer for Ceres Base One, the Hephaestus LLC. The business being discussed is the critical incident of this date, its causes, effects, and how to prevent a repeat. Are there any points of order before we begin?”
Drew raised his hand.
"Point of order Mister Andrew Cavendish, Dig Site One team leader." Adele said, then extended a hand to indicate he could proceed.
Drew cleared his throat. "Adele, it’s high time we hold a meeting concerning ALL of the serious, significant and critical safety incidents that have befallen this facility since launch." He said. “This is only the most recent in a string of potentially deadly mishaps, and we’ve seen no trend in improvement in response to our efforts to improve facility safety.”
"While not strictly speaking a point of order, the suggestion is well made." Adele said. “The motion on the table is to expand the remit of this meeting to cover all safety incidents since the start of operations. Is there… I see several people raising their hands to second the… in fact, motion carried.”
Drew had already placed his thick incident folder on the table in front of him, unnoticed. Now, as he pushed it forward toward the center, everybody looked at it. "We may be at this for some time." he said.
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Izbrk, Planet Ikbrzk
Julian Etsicitty
"
They brought three…"
No sooner had she said it, than Julian saw them.
It was overkill by anything’s standards. Each of the gunships put him in mind of a sturdy metallic spider: A segmented body housing the engines, pilot and gunner, and four long but solid "legs", each one of which terminated in a coilgun. Devastating firepower aimed at one target, or the ability to separately handle four different threats.
Still, there were some obvious design flaws. The kinetics were mounted high on the outside of the hull, making them an easy target, and the body didn’t look like it was armored. The whole assemblage bobbed and swayed in its own air wash, suggesting that it was a bitch to pilot and a nightmare to shoot straight, especially if the gunner was handling four different targets.
"Right." He said. “We’ve got one big advantage on our side.”
"
Do tell.
" Allison sounded nervous.
"No thermal camera or any kind of advanced sensors." Julian told her “If they had those, they’d have seen us both already and locked on. So, we can ambush them.”
"
I could shoot out the engines?"
Julian considered it. The biggest and heaviest thing in the bag had been their gun, an Israeli STAR-21, the designated marksman version of the Tavor assault rifle. Chambered with 5.56 as it was, and Allison being the shot he knew she was, that was probably a sure kill against the exposed and unarmored engines.
"People live here." he said. “I don’t really wanna drop a crashing gunship on ma, pa and li’l baby Vizkittik.”
He shrank down as one of the Chehnasho mercs sauntered past his alleyway hiding place. The other four and Zokrup weren’t far behind him. And a crappy plan came to him. Awful though it was it was the only one that presented itself in a timely fashion. The band were dangerously close to knocking on Kirk and Vedreg’s door.
"See the one on Zokrup’s far left?" He asked.
"Yeah."
"Shoot him."
Allison didn’t acknowledge the order, but a quiet second later, there were three
thump
sounds, and the selected Chehnasho fell bonelessly to the dirt in silence with a shocked expression on his face, and a large hole right through his center of mass.
The aliens snapped into formation, aiming in the apparent direction the attack had come from with commendable efficiency… for aliens.
By human standards, they made the laughable mistake of completely failing to watch their backs. Julian didn’t even bother bloodying his weapons. The second none of them were watching the alleyway, he dashed out, and two of the mercenaries were killed by the simple expedient of slamming their skulls together with a noise like a pillowcase full of potato chips being used for a piñata.
He slapped the third a lethal blow upside his greasy head left-handed as he moved, still astonished at how flimsy nonhumans were, and threw his hatchet with the other hand. Even though the merc’s shield emitter robbed the flying axe of most of its momentum, it still embedded itself in the frog-person’s rib cage with enough force to lift her off her feet.
It took only three or four seconds to go from the moment that Allison shot the first victim, to the moment that Zokrup was struggling in his grip with a hunting knife pressed to her throat.
"Holy shit, Etsicitty."
Allison said, clearly impressed.
"I’d call off your gunships." He advised Zokrup, pressing just hard enough to draw blood. The hovering craft had turned their coilguns to face the carnage, and he was acutely aware of staring down the barrel of one of the few forms of weaponry out here in the galaxy that was truly dangerous.
"Yes… yes." She agreed, and Julian congratulated himself on the way his half-baked plan had actually worked. She raised a hand to press at her earpiece. “Gunship one…
"...shoot us."
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Folctha, Planet Cimbrean, The Far Reaches
Gyotin
The problem with being the most fluent speaker of English in the little non-human enclave the crew had built for themselves, was that Gyotin constantly found himself thrust into the role of spokesperson. Surrounded as they were on all sides by Deathworlders, his crew - and as the senior ranking member of that crew, he now thought of them as
his
crew - had naturally walled themselves off a little, building their own habitation out of sight of the bustle of the colony proper, in what he knew the humans were calling "
The ET Quarter".
He wasn’t sure if the term was degrading or not.
Still. Staying in touch was necessary. So, he represented the nonhuman perspective at the "
Thing"
, he had the ears of Governor Sandy, Captain Powell and Chief Arés, and played his role in the development of this illegal little operation. He was even beginning to like it, though he only admitted as such in his most introspective moments.
There was one building that fascinated him in particular, though. And what was fascinating was that it had been one of the very first the humans had built. They called it a "
Faith Center"
: From the outside, it was built of the same mix of local wood and imported materials as any other building in Folctha, but the plan was different. Most of the others made efficient use of the space, packing as much as they could into as tiny a footprint as they could. Decorated, yes, but rarely to any enormous degree.
By comparison, the Faith Center was a large and ornate glutton for land, its own footprint supplemented by a large plot of land.
It had interested him since they day they built it, but this was the first time he had worked up the courage to enter and inspect this curious Deathworlder edifice.
He poked his head in the door, finding it - surprisingly, considering its obvious importance - apparently empty. The main doors led into a central hub which was a simple, open, airy room full of comfortable seats, throw pillows, bean bags and bookshelves, and desktop computers, doubling as the town library. the doors in its seven walls led into a variety of spaces.
He inspected the books: they seemed to be segregated according to topic, but it wasn’t clear to him exactly what the difference was between topics. One of the shelves was full of books with titles like "Knowing God", “The Purpose-Driven Life” and “Grace Abounding”. There were several copies of something called “The Holy Bible”, but the only word he recognised of those three was: “The”. Another held books marked “The Quran”, “The Messenger of Allah”, “The Spiritual Teachings of the Prophet.”
He spent some time exploring, frowning at book titles like "Bhagavad-Gita", “Tao te Ching”, “Zen Mind, Beginner’s Mind”, “Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance” - that one earned a double-take -  “The God Delusion” and “In Defense of Common Sense”. He wrestled briefly with the mystery of why “Letter to a Christian Nation” was not on the shelf clearly marked “Christian”, and the conundrum presented by “Living Buddha, Living Christ” which as far as his hypothesis up to that point had decided, were two different things. Whatever they were.
He gave up on the books, deciding that there was no insight into Human strangeness to be found from just glancing at their covers and that he didn’t have time to read any of them, and turned his attention to the doors set in the remaining six sides of the heptagonal hub.
One led into a little corridor which contained only two other doors. He didn’t understand the symbols on them, but a quick investigation soon cleared up that mystery - plumbing was much the same the galaxy over, and it turned out that human privies were not dissimilar to Gaoian ones. Next door to that, some small rooms - one containing a table and chairs, one containing what was obviously a water heater, a refrigeration unit and some basic food preparation equipment, and a third door which was locked.
The next room was a real mystery - it was effectively empty, containing nothing but a handful of ornate little rugs. There was something written on the far wall, but it wasn’t in the alphabet used by English.
It was while puzzling over this one that he finally heard some sign of life, and looked around to see the seventh door swinging shut. Eager to get a human explanation for all of these mysteries, he dithered for a few minutes, rehearsing his introduction and request before finally poking his nose through.
This last room was only marginally less austere than the rug room, containing little but chairs, a large table at the front, and a lectern next to some kind of electronic device that he couldn’t immediately identify. The only decorative thing within it was the window behind the table, which was tall and narrow, neatly bisecting the wall, and intersected two-thirds of the way up by a shorter, perpendicular line. The glass was densely pigmented, making it all but impossible to see through, but casting dazzling colours into the little hall as the sunlight shone through it.
At first, he didn’t see the person who had entered, until he advanced forward slightly and saw that she was kneeling on the floor towards the front of the room, hands clasped in front of her face.
"Umm…" he began, rehearsed greeting forgotten.
She jumped, immediately going tense, and Gyotin mentally chastised himself. Humans were deathworlders, with an immediate fight-or-flight reflex of terrifying speed and efficiency built right into their nervous system. He’d forgotten, after so long of seeing them in their domestic, peaceful life that he was dealing with a truly dangerous being here.
"Sorry!" he squeaked, acutely aware that he was still figuring out their contradictory mess of a language. “I didn’t mean you make jump.” He thought about this, then realised he’d defaulted to Gaoian syntax “To make you jump.” he corrected.
The girl - and she was still just barely a cub, he knew enough about humans nowadays to spot that much - relaxed, and smiled, setting his skin crawling at the sight of those sturdy teeth. "It’s okay." she said. “Hey, I’ve… never met a non-human before.”
"...Well then. Hello. I may come in?"
"I’d like that." she nodded. “You’re… Gaoian, right?”
"Right. I am Gyotin, Clanless for now."
"Ava. Ava Rios."
Gyotin tilted his head slightly as he approached. Ava’s eyes looked redder than was usual for a human, and there was moisture on her cheeks. He’d never seen an expression quite like it, and with Ava lacking a corresponding translator to communicate her body language, he had to use his best guess.
"Are you… all right?" he asked. It seemed like a safe bet.
She sighed - he knew
that
one - and stood up, dusting off her knees. She surprised him by being slightly shorter than he was. Gyotin was small by Gaoian standards, and Gaoian standards were small by Human standards. "I’m an idiot." she said, simply.
He blinked. "You are? I mean, why say that?"
"I just… I ran off at the mouth."
One thing Gyotin
had
got his head around with humans was the way their analogies worked. They seemed to love idiom and metaphor, and weave it into every facet of their conversations, subconsciously. A more straightforward species might have said "‘
I said some things which I now regret having said
’ but he had to admit that ‘
I ran off at the mouth’
got the same message across both more swiftly and more evocatively.
"That happens." he said. “You did this to... friend? Clan-mate?”
"Hah. I don’t have a clan." Ava looked up at the window, and shut her eyes. Gyotin saw a water droplet run down her face, which she wiped away with a sleeve, before returning her attention back to him, rather abruptly. “My boyfriend.”
"Your mate?"
"Close enough, I guess. We’re together." She turned away from the window “Hey, can we head outside? Those bean bags looked comfortable, and I think they had hot chocolate.”
"If you like." Gyotin agreed. There was an atmosphere to the room that was starting to encroach on him, a feeling tickling at the roots of his fur. He had no way to describe it.
He shivered the sensation out as he crossed the threshold. "What were you do in there?" he asked.
"I was just praying, asking God for help." She said simply.  “And confessing.”
Gyotin sniffed. "I don’t understand." he said. “Confessing what to?”
"It’s a Catholic thing." she said, as if that explained anything. “‘Forgive me father for I have sinned’, you know.”
"Catholic? Your father? And sinned is what?"
"...I guess you don’t know, huh?"
"It must be a human thing."
"I guess… maybe? I’ve never really thought about it." Ava said. “D’you want an Ovaltine?”
Gyotin summoned a term he’d heard. "I’m game. Don’t know what it is, but I’m try it anyway if you want."
He sat down as she heated up some water and poured it into a pair of handled cups alongside some brown powder. The resulting concoction turned out to smell incredible, and when he sipped it experimentally he added it to his list of reasons why human weirdness might just be a good thing.
"All this…" he indicated the room and its books. “So alien. I think sometimes, humans very strange.”
Ava looked around at them. "I guess. I mean, wow. That’s a lot of books."
She sipped her drink. "I’m not… don’t ask me about it." she said. “I never... I just went to Church every Sunday.”
"Why?"
"Because… because that’s what we did." Ava said, lamely. “Because you’ve got to thank God.”
That seemed very strange indeed to Gyotin. Deciding that Ava may really not be the person to ask about these things, he changed the topic.
"You don’t seem like idiot to me." he said.
"Say what?" Ava asked, thrown by the conversational tangent.
"You said ‘I’m an idiot’." He reminded her. “Why?”
Ava thought about it for a minute. "I guess… I don’t really know. I just said some really stupid and hurtful things to Adam and…. I don’t know why, I was just so
mad
at him and I don’t know why."
"What did you say?" Gyotin asked, congratulating himself on getting the syntax right.
"I…" she shook her head helplessly. If nothing else, Ava was a good lesson in human body language. “You’d have to know us pretty well, I guess. I told him to go run to his dad for advice.”
Gyotin scratched behind his ear. "That is stupid?" he asked. “If he need advice, talk to a Father. Common sense.”
"I told you, you’d have to know us to get why it’s a problem."
Gyotin imitated a human shrug for her benefit. "Or maybe it’s not problem and you just… oh, what word? ...confuse?"
Unexpectedly she laughed, a little strangely. "Oh God, don’t say that!" she protested “That just makes me feel
more
stupid.”
Gyotin was still trying to plan how to respond to that, when Ava took her turn to throw him by going off on a tangent. "Hey, I just noticed… you’re naked."
"I… what?"
"You’re not wearing clothes."
"Well… no. I usually have covers for pockets and things, but didn’t need today. Is problem?"
"...No." For some reason this seemed to amuse her. “No it’s not.”
She set her cup down, then unexpectedly leaned over and kissed the top of Gyotin’s head. His ears tilted downwards, half out of confusion and half so as to make room. "Thank you, Gyotin. You’re like a furry Zen master, you know that?"
Gyotin really wasn’t sure what he was being thanked for. "...Thank you?" he asked.
"Anytime." Ava got up, her mood apparently very changed. She seemed happier, now. “I should go. Will I see you around?”
"I’d like that, but first… What
is
Zen? I saw books over there have that word."
"Well, why don’t you read one and find out?" She asked.
Gyotin considered the suggestion for some minutes after she left.
He cleaned up the dirty mugs, and when he returned to his cushion, he had one of the books in his paws, which he opened, and took a few seconds to skip the Preface and Foreword - he turned straight to chapter one, and began to read.
"...If I am asked, then, what Zen teaches, I would answer, Zen teaches nothing. Whatever teachings there are in Zen, they come out of one's own mind. We teach ourselves; Zen merely points the way."
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Izbrk, Planet Ikbrzk
Allison Buehler
"NO!"
Suicide. The alien hell-bitch had suicided rather than accept surrender, and she’d taken Julian with her. The alien gunner didn’t hesitate - Julian only had time enough to register the order but not enough to do anything about it before the coil gun fired, pounding a crater in the street that turned Zokrup into a rain of vile greenish-brown chowder and filled the air with dust.
Bereft of any better ideas and with tears threatening her vision, she shot out the engines on all three craft. None of them even figured out where she was before they fell out of the air on cut puppet-strings of smoke and fire, smashing into the road and half-demolishing some poor local locayl’s home.
She didn’t melodramatically empty her magazine into the burning wreckage. Instead, she set the weapon aside, and began to climb down the building, unsure why.
"Aaargh…"
It was an inarticulate noise of pain and nothing more, but an unmistakably
human
one. Not a scream, just the low, creaking moan of a man in agony.
"Julian!"
She was rewarded only with panting and heavy breathing on the open channel, but she knew where he’d been standing, and more importantly, knew that he was still alive.
She grabbed the bag and vaulted off the building, dropping the two stories to the street below and rolling easily with the landing, a feat she never could have managed on Earth.
Julian was in bad shape. It was, at least, easy to identify which of the blood was his and which was Chehnasho - they were very different colours.
Zokrup’s last act of defiance had actually saved Julian from her own vengeance. The token resistance offered by her disintegrating body had spared him the very worst of the blast, but his legs were still peppered with gravel shrapnel, and Allison doubted there was anything she could do for his right foot. But his torso seemed undamaged, and the bleeding was manageable, especially with the state-of-the-art instant-dressing foam that was part of the medic’s kit they had brought with them.
That plus sticking the oral painkiller "lollipop" under his tongue was about the limit of her medical ability, however.
"Heck of a plan, Etsicitty." she commented. He laughed, apparently already getting on top of the pain.
"Didn’t… quite go how I’d planned it." he admitted. “Who the fuck kills themselves rather than lose like that?”
Kirk tiptoed delicately past some of the gunship wreckage. "Somebody who is dead anyway unless they win." He said. “Julian, I… I’d ask if you’re alright but I can see that you’re plainly not.”
Julian rested his head, teeth gritted. "They got doctors on this planet?" he asked.
"Of course."
"Good ones?"
"You get what you pay for. But we can pay a lot."
"Good. Then gimme a minute or two for the painkiller to really kick in, we can go get me patched up."
Kirk took Allison to one side. "How is he really?" he asked, once they were probably out of earshot, though Julian’s ears were well-honed.
"I don’t know" She admitted. “I mean, I was a barista before I was abducted, I don’t know shit about… this. But I think he’s pretty bad.”
"Can you carry him?" Kirk asked.
"In this gravity? No problem."
"Good. Because I need that doctor as well. And so do you."
"We do?"
"Yes." Kirk looked around, raising his long neck to get a clear view along the street, looking toward where Vedreg was hauling his mauled body out of his safehouse, then back down to Allison. “We need to get these implants out of our heads.”
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Salvaged Hunter dropship, Cimbrean, the Far Reaches
Captain Owen Powell
"Last check, lads. That freighter’s going to hit the spike in two."
Redundant though it was, the team double-checked their gear, accounted for all their magazines, tested their earpieces and signed off ready.
"Hey, captain?" Legsy said.
"Yeah?"
The welshman grinned behind his mask and sang out part of an old football chant. "♪
Oo are we?!
♫"
Powell chuckled. "Strength and fookin’ guile, mate."
"Too bloody right we are."
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
HMS
Myrmidon,
Cimbrean, the Far Reaches
Captain David Manning
The plan was, in theory, a simple one. Planet Cimbrean’s larger moon had been home to a Dragon’s Tooth from the moment the system had been militarized, as had several other locations across the system. Between the moon’s mass, the Tooth’s own wormhole signature-damping field and the impressive cloaking technology installed by the original owners of
Myrmidon
and
Caledonia
, their jump to that staging point had gone unnoticed, and from there, warping in to lurk near the incoming freighter’s expected arrival point had been relatively trivial.
Not bad for a half-baked plan conceived in a rush. Even deploying the scavenged dropship into the heart of the Swarm had turned out to be much easier than they had feared.
Space was too dark and empty for much to be seen of the intense spacetime distortion as the gravity spike was deployed. Even when the hapless bulk freighter slammed into the distortion at several thousand times the speed of light, the most that showed for it on any visible spectrum was a slight moving of the stars, like rocks under a clear stream.
On other spectra, the reaction was instant. Hunter comms chatter tripled in volume and intensity. Even set on passive detection only, the  Hierarchy sensors recorded all sorts of information of uncertain significance - neutrino bursts, ES field sweeps. Dozens of ships decloaked at once, among them a formation of dropships identical to the one Powell and his men were riding. A few tense seconds ticked by as the first major failure point was met and tested.
He got the call he was hoping for. "...No sign of any weapons fire between Hunter vessels, sir."
Their deception had gone unnoticed, and he allowed himself a moment of satisfaction as he watched the little craft descend on the struggling freighter, latching on and burrowing into its outer skin like a cloud of mosquitoes.
Now came the real challenge - it was absolutely critical that under no circumstance should the larger ships be allowed to engage with the freighter. If the Hunters got wind of what was going on, they might well just pulverize the ship as it flew, and scavenge their coveted pound of flesh from the debris.
"Weapons tight… go active…. Cloak off, all cleared hot!"
A patch of apparently empty space solidified, and HMS
Myrmidon
pumped twelve Skymaster rounds into the largest Hunter ship, which had begun lining up to pierce the freighter with its boarding proboscis. The first four were enough to drop the shields. Great plumes of powdered metal and condensing air marked the impact sights of the remaining eight as they smashed into the flimsy alien heat-dissipation armour, which was totally unequipped to deal with 30mm HE rounds. Something broke deep inside the target ship, and suddenly it was listing and rolling in the eerie silence of vacuum as half of its dorsal hull peeled open, spilling the crippled vessel’s pressurised guts.
The bridge - and Manning knew that the CIC would be even more intense - erupted into a controlled chaos of crew shouting terse, jargon-dense updates to one another.
Myrmidon
had several advantages over the Hunter craft. Quite aside from the fact that the aliens seemed ignorant of the possibilities of electronic warfare, there was the huge edge granted by having guns which were built around a completely different technological paradigm, against which the Hunter seemed to have no defense. Her capacitor power reserves allowed her to shunt huge amounts of energy into her engines, and her crew had the physical tenacity to put up with what were - for a ship equal in size to an ocean-based cruiser - violent high-G maneuvers.
God willing, they wouldn’t need to test whether their durability was up to scratch.
He heard the call he had been waiting for twelve seconds into the fighting, while the Hunters were still confused and reacting sluggishly to the unexpected foe that had them in enfilade and was taking remorseless advantage of it.
"Teeth seeded!"
He knew what that meant. It meant that all across their own hull, explosive blisters had burst, flinging out hundreds of Dragons’ Teeth wormhole beacons in all directions. The battlefield was now - and would remain for several hours - a place of infinite flexibility for any human ship.
He felt the slight lurch in his belly as
Myrmidon
completed her first jump, displacing three hundred kilometers just as the first Hunter vessel lined up and fired a flurry of coilgun rounds at where she had been. The offending vessel caught a Skymaster volley in her engines for the trouble.
"Cells at eighty percent!" somebody called.
The had another fifty before doctrine called for
Myrmidon
to immediately disengage to recharge. But waiting her turn behind them was
Caledonia
, who would seamlessly transition into the battle as they left.
It couldn’t last forever. They had only minutes before the full might of the Swarm caught up with what was going on and bore down on them, and against that many ships, no amount of ducking and weaving would suffice.
The clock was ticking.
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Izbrk, Planet Ikbrzk
Krrkktnkk A'ktnnzzik'tk ("Kirk")
The nearest doctor turned out to be of Kirk’s own species - she was taking a nap on her own surgical table when they burst through the door.
"What? Who are…? A human? A
wounded
human?"
"We’re  all patients, sister." Kirk told her. “But my friend here needs your attention first.”
She took a look at the mangled mess which was the end of Julian’s leg, and focused. "Get him on the table."
The scanning equipment above the table started to chirp alarmingly the second Julian was in place. The doctor muttered as she reviewed it. "Yes, yes, dangerous microorganisms, but he’s got the suppression implant… What in the name of
Rkltzk
is this poison flooding his system?"
"Fentanyl Citrate." Allison told her, trusting the translator to convert the terms into something she could use.
"How
much
?"
"About four hundred micrograms."
The doctor stared aghast for a second. "...that’s five times the lethal dose!"
"For most species, maybe." Kirk said. “But I assure you, he is quite safe. I suggest you focus on the injured limb.”
"I’d heard the rumours about their physiology, but…"
Julian laughed, clearly a little spaced out. "Doc, I’m fine. Can’t feel a dang thing."
"Doctor. The leg?"
She looked at it as if seeing it for the first time. "Oh. Oh my. Yes, I’d better…"
She examined the wound briefly, then shook her head, in the slow, long-necked way of her species. "I can’t save the foot. Nor do I have the equipment to hand to build a prosthetic which would be adequate for a human."
"Just so long as he will live and heal, Doctor." Kirk reassured her. “We have a lot to ask of you tonight, and tending to his wounds will be the less strange part.”
She ushered them toward a marked waiting area. "Then leave me to work… what will be the more strange part?"
"Every one of us wish to have our neural cybernetics removed or disabled."
She stared at him. "Brother, why? What reason…?" she leaned forward slightly and studied his face. “Wait, I know you. You’re Krrkktnkk A'ktnnzzik'tk! The politician!”
"Ex-politician." Kirk replied. “And I value my anonymity and that of my friends, Doctor. Ten Dominion Development Credits would allow you to upgrade from this clinic into a hospital…”
"Bribery, brother?"
"Yes." Kirk said, flatly. “Bribery. This is
important.
”
She gave him a calculating look. "
Twelve
Credits… is a wonderful donation to the cause of healthcare in this impoverished community, and I thank you for your altruism and charity."
"Twelve it is."
The doctor looked up and off into the distance of her personal heads-up-display just long enough to see the funds transfer into her financial network, then nodded again.
"Very good. Now step back and wait your turn, please."
Date Point: 4y 8m 2w AV
Refugee freighter, Cimbrean System, The Outer Reaches
Captain Owen Powell.
A quick glance round the corner. Some swift hand movements. Blitz, shoot, check, clear. Repeat.
It was high-speed, aggressive warfare, exactly what Powell and his men had spent their careers training to excel at. In every compartment, the Hunters knew of the SBS team’s presence only long enough to register being shot, and often not even that.
They had already been too late for three poor bastards. The first was impaled to the wall by a vicious metal spike, clearly fired at high speed straight through his throat. One had been sliced to ribbons, taking four of the sickly white beasts down with him before they carved him apart and paused to feast.
One woman was still thrashing and dying from nervejam, blood frothing around her mouth and bitten tongue. Her murderers were denied their taste of her flesh at least - Legsy mowed them down just as they were stooping over her.
It was in their fifth compartment that they rescued their first - a burly bald man, firing back at the Hunters with a pulse gun from behind a table, despite where one of the spear-chuckers had put a burnt gouge in his arm.
"Oh fuck, you’re human! You’re human! Thank God!"
"Quiet and listen." Powell ordered him. “Aft compartment five. Get in the Hunter dropship with all the human gear inside and
stay there.
We’ve got others to save.”
They moved on - He would have only hindered them.
There was a lot of ship left to clear.
Concluded in
Part 4