Title: reddit-hume_reddit - Monkeys Reaches Stars
URL: http://old.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2hf1f9/ocjenkinsverse_monkeys_reaches_stars/
Order: 017
Type: side
Author: u/hume_reddit
Date: 2014-09-25T09:57:18+00:00
================================================================================

I am neither Chinese nor a practictioner of any Chinese martial arts, nor am I a particularly fuck-yeah example of humanity. So this story is waaaay out of my comfort zone, but hopefully people like it anyway. Corrections on any aspects are more than welcome.

“Shoo! Woh kan i! Woh kan i!”

Xiù giggled as the little alien kid ran over chanting the familiar demand. It was morning… or, well, as close to morning as she could guess. She was sure her sleep patterns had shifted over the past month, and there was no day or night cycle here, but she had a routine and her “roommates” had figured it out. Every morning she would stretch and practice her forms, and the aliens - looking for all the world like human-sized bipedal racoons - liked to watch her do it, for some reason.

The little ones were vocal in their admiration, and they were so astonishingly adorable that Xiù couldn’t refuse them. They couldn’t pronounce her name properly, but that just made it cuter. She didn’t know what they were saying, but she’d figured out that “woh kan i” was their way of asking for her to practice.

The adults just liked having their children distracted from their horrible circumstances.

Xiù stood, having finished washing her face in the running sink of water that occupied a single corner of the large, grey room. Her clothing - a simple t-shirt and leggings - were getting grimy and smelly, and her long hair hung limply. Three weeks locked into this large, grey room without a shower was wearing her down. After the first week she’d finally surrendered to necessity and given herself the most miserable and cold sponge-bath ever, using one of her leg-warmers as a cloth, and trying to ignore the curious gazes of the raccoons as she removed her clothing. They may have been aliens, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t blushing furiously the entire time. Still, it’d made her feel better.

She probably wouldn’t need to wash so much if she didn’t exercise, but being a prisoner didn’t mean she wanted to lose her hard-earned muscle tone. It was hard enough to work up a proper sweat in the lighter gravity of… where-ever she was.

She tossed her impromptu washcloth over by her winter coat, which was folded up on the hard slate-grey floor where it had been acting as a pillow since her arrival. She looked over at little Myun and beckoned; the little alien chittered, which she had guessed was their version of happy laughter. The lights of the high ceiling shone brightly upon them as she walked over to a open area of the room and sank into a deep ma bu or horse stance. Myun imitated her, though with far less success. The aliens had long bodies and short, stubby legs, so they had a harder time balancing.

She slipped into the form, letting her arms and legs move with the confidence of endless repetition. Her pace was slow… when she’d first started these exercises shortly after her capture, she hadn’t wanted to alarm the aliens she was imprisoned with. When some of the little ones had begun imitating her, she hadn’t wanted to outpace and embarrass them. So she moved at a rate that was closer to a taiji meditation instead of the violent sharpness of xingyi or swirling movements of bagua.

Beside her Myun tipped over, but chittered in good humour.

Ayma smiled as Myun flopped over again in her attempts to imitate their fellow alien prisoner. The other three children watched in fascination as the human female stretched and contorted and balanced her body in ways that were astonishing. Yet the movements were incredibly graceful, beautiful in their elegance. They didn’t know why she danced for them, but the cubs loved it and it was a welcome distraction, even for the adults.

It helped them forget that they were all lab animals, trapped in a cage.

They’d been snatched by mercenaries on a simple trip between their homeworld, Gao, and the second colony, Gorai. A settler ship full of females and children, the males had spent their lives bravely resisting the invaders, but there had been simply too many of the huge four-armed Locayl, armed with pulse rifles that were several centuries more advanced than their own. Her species was a clever one - they’d progressed from flight to their first space stations in less than two hundred stellar rotations of their homeworld, which was apparently a new galactic record - but they were still latecomers on the scene.

The more helpful of the other species of the galaxy had warned them that it was an unfriendly place, especially for those species that had yet to join the Galactic Council properly. The Gaoians were cautious by nature… the offer to join the Council and the vague hints of consequences if they didn’t had sounded a little too much like bullying, so they wanted to carefully examine the fine-print. They’d been right to be concerned… some of the trade regulations weren’t acceptable, and some requirements impinged on their sovereignty. The sticking points had been worked through, however, and there was hope that they’d be a full, proper member of the interstellar community in less than ten stellar rotations.

It really wasn’t a surprise that some races wished to victimize the Gaoians as they could before they joined the “club”. Their captain and crew eliminated, the females and children had been herded into cages on the mercenary ship. Their own vessel - and the evidence - had been destroyed with a core overload. Trapped in the cages, they’d been taken to this installation on an unoccupied world, shoved into this single large room with its embarrassing amenities, and left to wait for their fate.

Every day, someone different would be taken. The ones who returned spoke of experiments. It was no shock to learn that their captors were Corti, the vile scientists of the galaxy. Blood was drawn, biopsies taken, fur shaved. One of the young females had returned missing an eye… another had her arm taken below the elbow. Their bodies could be repaired, if they managed to get home, but their spirits would remember. And they were the lucky ones… two of their number had never returned at all.

It made Ayma’s whiskers quiver with rage. On Gao, females were sacred, second only to the cubs. The males had many clans, but the females had only one. Every female was clan with every other, and woe be to those who harmed the clan. The males would compete and war as their instincts demanded, but they always kept it amongst themselves. A male who harmed a female would find it impossible to mate. If a male harmed a cub, he would be torn apart by every female in reach and by every male who ever hoped to have a cub of his own.

So far the Corti and their thuggish henchmen had yet to try to take one of their cubs, but Ayma knew it was only a matter of time.

It shamed her to think it, but she hoped they took Xiù first. She liked the strange alien, but the fact remained that she wasn’t Gaoian and wasn’t clan, although Ayma was reasonably certain Xiù was female… the breasts might have been large and oddly placed, but they were breasts, even hidden under the clothing.

She’d been dumped into their holding cell straight from a holding cage, just as they had been, mere hours after their own arrival. She’d been obviously terrified of them, just as they’d been of her. She’d cowered in the corner for near a day, and they hadn’t approached. She obviously didn’t have a translator, and didn’t understand a word they spoke, nor did her strange words mean anything to them. Ayma had noticed that she spoke at least two languages, as the harsh barking sounds and the sing-song words that sounded so similar to Gaoian couldn’t possibly be the same tongue.

Eventually it’d been Ayma herself who had broken the tension, offering the furless humanoid a nutrient sphere - the semi-solid grey suspension of basic proteins, carbohydrates, and minerals that was edible by all species and palatable to none. She’d had to pantomime their purpose, finally eating one in front of her and leaving another on the floor and backing away. Xiù had timidly picked it up, and finally two days of hunger had pushed her into taking a tiny bite. Ayma had chittered in laughter… disgust transcended language. But the alien female had finished the sphere, and then astonished them all by standing to move over to the dispenser embedded into the wall to consume four more.

After that they’d haltingly exchanged names in the clumsy way of first contacts everywhere: Ayma had pointed to herself and said “Ayma.” Then she’d pointed around all the others: “Gaoian”.

The alien pointed at Ayma with a long, slender finger from one hairless hand, so much like a Corti’s but with fewer digits. “Ayma.” Ayma bounced her head in affirmation. “Gaoian.” Encouraged, she gestured again.

Ayma pointed at a nearby female, “Ujali.” Then at the little cub who was currently peeking out from behind her. “Myun.” One by one, she introduced each of the members of their ill-fated voyage.

When she was done she looked at the alien expectantly. The alien realized after a moment, then pointed at herself. “Xiù,” she said. “Human.”

The `human’ was friendly enough once the ice was broken. Understandably nervous, and after a while Ayma realized it wasn’t just because of their circumstances… in fact, Xiù seemed to barely have a grasp on their predicament. After some clumsy, sign-language communication, Ayma realized that their lone visitor was from an uncontacted species. She felt even more sympathy for the lost humanoid - the Council considered species without FTL ability as barely sapient, and certainly wouldn’t expend any effort in returning her home. She had no way to tell Xiù this, and wasn’t sure it would help her at all even if she could.

She watched with them as every day the huge guards would open the door, pick one of the Gaoians and drag them off for study and experimentation. She saw how resistance was met with pain sticks, the merest touch enough to leave an adult female twitching in agony on the floor. The body language of another species was always hard to decipher, but Ayma was confident the strangely mobile and expressive face of Xiù showed horror each time.

The fright and despair was broken only by boredom. Their cage was a large, square room, with only the nutrient dispenser, the water fountain, and a single, omni-species toilet with only a single thin wall for privacy. There was no stimulation, and the cubs were understandably restless within a day. The adults had no desire to burden the children with their own lack of hope, but they also had nothing to distract them with.

Xiù, apparently, also experienced boredom. Ayma had no idea whether their `days’ were equivalent to the human’s, nor what kind of day/night schedule they had, but shortly after waking from her sleep cycle on the fourth day, the alien female had begun stretching her body in an astonishingly limber display. And once she judged herself sufficiently pliable, she’d begun… to dance.

A strange dance, for certain, but beautiful. She moved in a circle, her movements as smooth as oiled machinery. Her upper limbs would extend like wings, or thrust in front of her. She sometimes crouched amazingly low, or leaped incredibly high, and when she landed it was with barely a whisper. Ayma had thought the creature was a mammal, possibly a primate, but with such displays she had to wonder whether Xiù was actually avian.

The cubs, who had begun to become listless and left with nothing but their fear, had been delighted.